README.md, before:

# gulp-minify

> Minify JavaScript with UglifyJS2.

## Installation

Install package with NPM and add it to your development dependencies:

`npm install --save-dev gulp-minify`

## Usage

```javascript
var minify = require('gulp-minify');

gulp.task('compress', function() {
  gulp.src('lib/*.js')
    .pipe(minify({
        exclude: ['tasks'],
        ignoreFiles: ['.combo.js', '-min.js']
    }))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('dist'))
});
```

## Options

- `exclude`

    Will not minify files in the dirs.

- `ignoreFiles`

    Will not minify files which matches the pattern.

- `mangle`

	Pass `false` to skip mangling names.

- `output`

	Pass an object if you wish to specify additional [output
	options](http://lisperator.net/uglifyjs/codegen). The defaults are
	optimized for best compression.

- `compress`

	Pass an object to specify custom [compressor
	options](http://lisperator.net/uglifyjs/compress). Pass `false` to skip
	compression completely.

- `preserveComments`

	A convenience option for `options.output.comments`. Defaults to preserving no
	comments.

	- `all`

		Preserve all comments in code blocks

	- `some`

		Preserve comments that start with a bang (`!`) or include a Closure
		Compiler directive (`@preserve`, `@license`, `@cc_on`)

	- `function`

		Specify your own comment preservation function. You will be passed the
		current node and the current comment and are expected to return either
		`true` or `false`.

Commit message:

Added an option to control whether the original source file gets written out.

README.md, after:

# gulp-minify

> Minify JavaScript with UglifyJS2.

## Installation

Install package with NPM and add it to your development dependencies:

`npm install --save-dev gulp-minify`

## Usage

```javascript
var minify = require('gulp-minify');

gulp.task('compress', function() {
  gulp.src('lib/*.js')
    .pipe(minify({
        exclude: ['tasks'],
        ignoreFiles: ['.combo.js', '-min.js']
    }))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('dist'))
});
```

## Options

- `exclude`

    Will not minify files in the dirs.

- `ignoreFiles`

    Will not minify files which matches the pattern.

- `mangle`

	Pass `false` to skip mangling names.

- `output`

	Pass an object if you wish to specify additional [output
	options](http://lisperator.net/uglifyjs/codegen). The defaults are
	optimized for best compression.

- `outputOriginalSource`

	Pass `false` to prevent the original source file from being passed through in addition to the minified file.

- `compress`

	Pass an object to specify custom [compressor
	options](http://lisperator.net/uglifyjs/compress). Pass `false` to skip
	compression completely.

- `preserveComments`

	A convenience option for `options.output.comments`. Defaults to preserving no
	comments.

	- `all`

		Preserve all comments in code blocks

	- `some`

		Preserve comments that start with a bang (`!`) or include a Closure
		Compiler directive (`@preserve`, `@license`, `@cc_on`)

	- `function`

		Specify your own comment preservation function. You will be passed the
		current node and the current comment and are expected to return either
		`true` or `false`.
